Unnamed: 0	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Unnamed: 13	Unnamed: 14
Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Attachments(Issue)	Pass/Faile	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	Pass/Fail	Comments	Defect-ID(JIRA)	Device	Attachments(Issue)
MT-135	Scope Scenario 1:													
	TC001	Verify case moves to CPC  on procceding the case for all personas	Cash Flow Details: Updated data	"1. Update fields in Cash Flow Details. 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue for review.	Positive								
	TC002	Verify case moves to CPC  on procceding the case for all personas	Cash Flow Details: Updated data	"1. Update fields in Cash Flow Details. 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue for review.	Negative								
	Validation Scenario 2:													
	TC005	Verify remarks field is mandatory and accepts valid input	"Remarks: ""Valid remark"""	"1. Enter valid data in the remarks field. 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue if all other conditions are met.	Positive								
	TC006	Verify remarks field is mandatory and accepts valid input	"Remarks: ""Valid remark"""	"1. Enter valid data in the remarks field. 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue if all other conditions are met.	Negative								
	TC007	Verify all fields match the screen wireframe (positive)	Fields: Data matching wireframe	"1. Enter data in all fields as specified in the wireframe. 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue for review, all validations should pass.	Positive								
	TC008	Verify all fields match the screen wireframe (positive)	Fields: Data matching wireframe	"1. Enter data in all fields as specified in the wireframe. 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue for review, all validations should pass.	Negative								
	TC009	Verify consent section is editable when consent mode is manual	Consent Mode: Manual	1. Set consent mode to manual. 2. Verify consent section is enabled for editing.	Consent section should be editable.	Positive								
	TC010	Verify consent section is editable when consent mode is manual	Consent Mode: Manual	1. Set consent mode to manual. 2. Verify consent section is enabled for editing.	Consent section not editable.	Negative								
	TC011	Verify KYC section is editable when KYC mode is manual	KYC Mode: Manual	1. Set KYC mode to manual. 2. Verify KYC section is enabled for editing.	KYC section should be editable.	Positive								
	TC012	Verify KYC section is editable when KYC mode is manual	KYC Mode: Manual	1. Set KYC mode to manual. 2. Verify KYC section is enabled for editing.	KYC section not editable.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 3: User updating any fields under Cash flow details category													
	TC013	Verify case moves to CPC after updating Cash Flow Details fields	Cash Flow Details: Updated data (e.g., income, expenses)	"1. Update fields in Cash Flow Details (e.g., income, expenses). 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue for review.	Positive								
	TC014	Verify case moves to CPC after updating Cash Flow Details fields	Cash Flow Details: Updated data (e.g., income, expenses)	"1. Update fields in Cash Flow Details (e.g., income, expenses). 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue for review.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 4: User updating any fields under PSL details category:													
	TC015	Verify case moves to CPC after updating PSL Details fields	PSL Details: Updated data (e.g., sector type, amount)	"1. Update fields in PSL Details (e.g., sector type, amount). 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue for review.	Positive								
	TC016	Verify case moves to CPC after updating PSL Details fields	PSL Details: Updated data (e.g., sector type, amount)	"1. Update fields in PSL Details (e.g., sector type, amount). 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue for review.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 5: User updating any fields under Reference Details category: 													
	TC017	Verify case moves to CPC after updating Reference Details fields	Reference Details: Updated data (e.g., reference name, contact info)	"1. Update fields in Reference Details (e.g., reference name, contact info). 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue for review.	Positive								
	TC018	Verify case moves to CPC after updating Reference Details fields	Reference Details: Updated data (e.g., reference name, contact info)	"1. Update fields in Reference Details (e.g., reference name, contact info). 2. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue for review.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 6: UW sends the case back as per part of CPC trail after FE submits the case for DO issuance													
	TC019	Verify FE can view UW comments when case is sent back	"UW Comments: ""Please select the correct disbursement type."""	1. UW sends the case back to FE with comments. 2. FE accesses the case. 3. Verify comments are visible.	Comments from UW should be visible to FE.	Positive								
	TC020	Verify FE can view UW comments when case is sent back	"UW Comments: ""Please select the correct disbursement type."""	1. UW sends the case back to FE with comments. 2. FE accesses the case. 3. Verify comments are visible.	Comments from UW not visible to FE.	Negative								
	TC021	Verify FE can select the correct disbursement type and submit the case	Disbursement Types: Options available (e.g., Lump Sum, Installments)	"1. FE views UW comments. 2. FE selects the correct disbursement type from available options. 3. Click ""Submit"" to send the case back to CPC."	Case should be successfully submitted to CPC for review.	Positive								
	TC022	Verify FE can select the correct disbursement type and submit the case	Disbursement Types: Options available (e.g., Lump Sum, Installments)	"1. FE views UW comments. 2. FE selects the correct disbursement type from available options. 3. Click ""Submit"" to send the case back to CPC."	Case not successfully submitted to CPC for review.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 7: User updating any fields under Banking Details category													
	TC023	Verify case moves to CPC after updating Banking Details and re-running penny drop	Banking Details: Updated data (e.g., account number, bank name)	"1. Update fields in Banking Details. 2. Trigger penny drop re-run. 3. Re-generate documents. 4. Re-initiate repayment setup. 5. Click ""Proceed""."	Case should move to CPC queue for review.	Positive								
	TC024	Verify case moves to CPC after updating Banking Details and re-running penny drop	Banking Details: Updated data (e.g., account number, bank name)	"1. Update fields in Banking Details. 2. Trigger penny drop re-run. 3. Re-generate documents. 4. Re-initiate repayment setup. 5. Click ""Proceed""."	Case not move to CPC queue for review.	Negative								
