Unnamed: 0	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Unnamed: 13	Unnamed: 14
Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Attachments(Issue)	Pass/Faile	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	Pass/Fail	Comments	Defect-ID(JIRA)	Device	Attachments(Issue)
MT-13	Scope Scenario 1:													
	TC001	Verify that all 12 languages are available for consent	List of 12 languages	1. Open the language selection dropdown for consent.	All 12 languages (Assamese, Bengali, English, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Odia, Tamil, Telugu, Gujarati, Punjabi) should be visible and selectable.	Positive								
	TC002	Verify that only one language can be selected	Select multiple languages	1. Open the language selection dropdown for consent. 2. Select more than one language.	Multiple language should  selected.	Negative								
	Validation Scenario 2:													
	TC003	Verify only one language can be selected	Select multiple languages	1. Open the language selection dropdown for consent. 2. Select more than one language.	Only one language should remain selected.	Positive								
	TC004	Verify preferred language applies to both link-based and physical modes of consent	Preferred language selected	1. Select a preferred language. 2. Verify that the language applies to both link-based and physical modes of consent.	The preferred language should apply to both modes of consent.	Positive								
	TC005	Verify preferred language applies to both link-based and physical modes of consent	Preferred language selected	1. Select a preferred language. 2. Verify that the language applies to both link-based and physical modes of consent.	The preferred language not applying to both modes of consent.	Negative								
	TC006	Verify SMS and link details are sent in the preferred language to Primary Applicant, Co-applicant and Guarantor	Preferred language selected	1. Select a preferred language. 2. Trigger the consent link. 3. Check the SMS and consent link details received by Primary Applicant, Co-applicant, and Guarantor.	SMS and consent link details should be received in the preferred language by all Primary Applicant, Co-applicant and Guarantor.	Positive								
	TC007	Verify user cannot proceed without selecting a language preference	No language selected	1. Access the consent options screen. 2. Attempt to proceed without selecting a language preference.	User should not be able to proceed.	Positive								
	TC008	Verify user cannot proceed without selecting a language preference	No language selected	1. Access the consent options screen. 2. Attempt to proceed without selecting a language preference.	User are be able to proceed.	Negative								
	Acceptance criteria Scenario 3: User selects the preferred language													
	TC009	Verify Business executive can select a preferred language and trigger the consent link	Preferred language selected	"1. Access the language selection dropdown. 2. Select a preferred language. 3. Select the ""Mode of consent"" and trigger the link."	The consent link should be successfully triggered.	Positive								
	TC010	Verify Business executive can change the preferred language and trigger the consent link	Change preferred language	"1. Access the language selection dropdown. 2. Select a preferred language. 3. Change the preferred language. 4. Select the ""Mode of consent"" and trigger the link."	The consent link should be successfully triggered with the newly selected language.	Positive								
	TC011	"Verify Business executive can select the ""Mode of consent"" after selecting a language"	Preferred language selected	"1. Access the language selection dropdown. 2. Select a preferred language. 3. Select the ""Mode of consent"" and trigger the link."	The consent link should be successfully triggered.	Positive								
	TC012	"Verify Business executive can select the ""Mode of consent"" after selecting a language"	Preferred language selected	"1. Access the language selection dropdown. 2. Select the ""Mode of consent"" and trigger the link."	The consent link should be successfully triggered without selecting a preferred language.	Negative								
	Acceptance criteria Scenario 4: User doesn't select the preferred language													
	TC013	"Verify ""Mode of consent"" defaults to English if no preferred language is selected"	No language selected	"1. Access the consent options screen. 2. Check the default language of the ""Mode of consent""."	"The ""Mode of consent"" should default to English."	Positive								
	TC014	"Verify Business executive can select the ""Mode of consent"" after choosing a preferred language"	Preferred language selected	"1. Access the consent options screen. 2. Choose a preferred language. 3. Select the ""Mode of consent""."	"The ""Mode of consent"" should be selectable."	Positive								
	TC015	"Verify Business executive can select the ""Mode of consent"" after choosing a preferred language"	Preferred language selected	"1. Access the consent options screen. 2. Choose a preferred language. 3. Select the ""Mode of consent""."	"The ""Mode of consent"" not be selectable."	Negative								
	TC016	"Verify Business executive can change the preferred language and then select the ""Mode of consent"""	Change preferred language	"1. Access the consent options screen. 2. Choose a preferred language. 3. Change the preferred language. 4. Select the ""Mode of consent""."	"The ""Mode of consent"" should be selectable with the newly selected language."	Positive								
