Unnamed: 0	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Unnamed: 13	Unnamed: 14
Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Attachments(Issue)	Pass/Faile	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	Pass/Fail	Comments	Defect-ID(JIRA)	Device	Attachments(Issue)
MT-322	Scope Scenario 1 													
	TC001	Verify the UI displays consent options after X seconds	X = 30 seconds, consent options	1. Open the FE App.   2. Wait for X seconds without establishing consent.	The UI displays consent options after 30 seconds.	Positive								
	TC002	"Verify the user can select ""Link Based"" consent"	Mode of Consent: Link Based	"1. Select ""Link Based"" consent option."	"""Link Based"" consent option is selected."	Positive								
	TC003	"Verify the user can select ""Manual Consent"""	Mode of Consent: Manual Consent	"1. Select ""Manual Consent"" option."	"""Manual Consent"" option is selected."	Positive								
	TC004	Verify SMS link is sent to Co-applicant's phone number	Co-applicant phone number	"1. Select ""Link Based"" consent option.   2. Submit the selection."	SMS link is sent to Co-applicant's phone number within X seconds.	Positive								
	TC005	"Verify ""Resend link"" button is activated after X seconds"	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.	"""Resend link"" button is activated after 30 seconds."	Positive								
	TC006	"Verify ""Resend link"" button is activated after X seconds"	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.	"""Resend link"" button is activated before 30 seconds."	Negative								
	TC007	Verify the link expiry time is displayed on screen	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.	The link expiry time is visible on screen.	Positive								
	TC008	Verify the link expiry time is displayed on screen	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.	The link expiry time is not visible on screen.	Negative								
	Validation Scenario 2:													
	TC009	Verify the user can select only one mode of consent at a time	Mode of Consent: Link Based, Manual	"1. Open the FE App.   2. Attempt to select both ""Link Based"" and ""Manual Consent"" options simultaneously."	The system does not allow selecting both consent modes at the same time.	Positive								
	TC010	Verify user can upload the manual consent form	Physical form, scan	"1. Select ""Manual Consent"" option.   2. Upload the scanned manual consent form."	The system accepts and uploads the manual consent form.	Positive								
	TC011	"Verify the app reflects the status as ""Link sent"""	Co-applicant phone number	"1. Select ""Link Based"" consent option.   2. Submit the selection."	"The app updates the status to ""Link sent"" after sending the SMS link."	Positive								
	TC012	Verify SMS link is sent to Co-applicant's phone number	Co-applicant phone number	"1. Select ""Link Based"" consent option.   2. Submit the selection."	SMS link is sent to Co-applicant's phone number.	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 3: The link sent to the customer expired - User plans to resend the link													
	TC013	"Verify ""Resend link"" button activation after link expiration"	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.	"The ""Resend link"" button is activated after the link expires."	Positive								
	TC014	"Verify Business Executive can click ""Resend link"" button"	X = 30 seconds	"1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.   3. Click on ""Resend link"" button."	"The Business Executive is able to click on the ""Resend link"" button."	Positive								
	TC015	"Verify Business Executive can click ""Resend link"" button"	X = 30 seconds	"1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.   3. Click on ""Resend link"" button."	"The Business Executive is not able to click on the ""Resend link"" button."	Negative								
	TC016	Verify Business Executive can resend the link X times	X = 30 seconds, max attempts = 3	"1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.   3. Click on ""Resend link"" button three times.   4. Attempt to click ""Resend link"" button a fourth time."	The Business Executive is able to resend the link three times before the system requires physical consent.	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 4: The link sent to the customer expired - User selects Manual consent 													
	TC017	"Verify system allows Business Executive to select ""Manual Consent"""	Mode of Consent: Manual	"1. Open the FE App.   2. Select ""Manual Consent"" option."	"The system allows selecting ""Manual Consent"" option."	Positive								
	TC018	"Verify system allows Business Executive to select ""Manual Consent"""	Mode of Consent: Manual	"1. Open the FE App.   2. Select ""Manual Consent"" option."	"The system not allows selecting ""Manual Consent"" option."	Negative								
	TC019	Verify system allows capturing and uploading manual consent form	Physical form, scan	"1. Select ""Manual Consent"" option.   2. Capture the manual consent form using a scanner.   3. Upload the scanned form."	The system accepts and uploads the scanned manual consent form.	Positive								
	TC020	Verify system prompts for manual consent if link is unresponsive	X = 30 seconds	"1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds without a response.   3. Attempt to select ""Manual Consent"" option."	The system prompts the Business Executive to upload a manual consent form if the link is unresponsive.	Positive								
	TC021	"Verify ""Resend link"" button activation after X seconds"	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.	"The ""Resend link"" button is activated after X seconds."	Positive								
	TC022	"Verify ""Resend link"" button activation after X seconds"	X = 30 seconds	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds.	"The ""Resend link"" button is not activated after X seconds."	Negative								
	TC023	Verify Business Executive cannot change consent mode when link is not expired	Link expiration time, Consent modes	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds (where X is the link expiration time).   3. Attempt to change consent mode.	The system does not allow the Business Executive to change the consent mode when the link is not expired.	Positive								
	TC024	Verify Business Executive can change consent mode after link is expired	Link expiration time, Consent modes	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for X seconds (where X is the link expiration time).   3. Attempt to change consent mode after the link expires.	The system allows the Business Executive to change the consent mode after the link expires.	Positive								
	TC025	Verify Business Executive can resend the link after expiration	Max resend attempts = 3	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for link expiration.   3. Attempt to resend the link.	The Business Executive is able to resend the link after expiration.	Positive								
	TC026	Verify Business Executive can select other modes of consent after link expiration	Max resend attempts = 3	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for link expiration.   3. Attempt to change consent mode after expiration.	The system allows the Business Executive to select other modes of consent after expiration.	Positive								
	TC027	Verify Business Executive can select other modes of consent after link expiration	Max resend attempts = 3	1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for link expiration.   3. Attempt to change consent mode after expiration.	The system not allows the Business Executive to select other modes of consent after expiration.	Negative								
	TC028	Verify 'Link' radio button is enabled initially		1. Open the consent selection screen.	The 'Link' radio button is enabled.	Positive								
	TC029	Verify 'Link' radio button is disabled after three unsuccessful attempts to receive the link	Max attempts = 3	1. Attempt to send SMS link to Co-applicant three times without success.	The 'Link' radio button is disabled after three unsuccessful attempts to receive the link.	Positive								
	TC030	Verify 'Link' radio button is disabled after three unsuccessful attempts to receive the link	Max attempts = 3	1. Attempt to send SMS link to Co-applicant three times without success.	The 'Link' radio button is enabled after three unsuccessful attempts to receive the link.	Negative								
	TC031	Verify the default link expiration time is displayed on the screen	Default expiration time	1. Open the consent selection screen.	The default link expiration time is displayed on the screen.	Positive								
	TC032	Verify the expiration of the previous link when a new link is resent		1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for the link expiration.   3. Resend the link.	The previous link is expired when a new link is resent.	Positive								
	TC033	Verify the expiration of the previous link when a new link is resent		1. Send SMS link to Co-applicant.   2. Wait for the link expiration.   3. Resend the link.	The previous link is not expired when a new link is resent.	Negative								
