Unnamed: 0	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Unnamed: 13	Unnamed: 14
Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Attachments(Issue)	Pass/Faile	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	Pass/Fail	Comments	Defect-ID(JIRA)	Device	Attachments(Issue)
MT-324	Scope Scenario 1 													
	TC001	User can select different modes of consent after x seconds and X attempts if consent isn't established	UI with consent mode options, X=60 ses	1. Wait for x seconds	Consent modes are enabled for selection	Positive								
	TC002	User can successfully submit OTR-based consent and receive OTR via SMS within X seconds	UI with OTR-based consent option,  X=60 ses	1. Select OTR-based consent mode 2. Submit the form	OTR is sent to the primary applicant's provided phone number	Positive								
	TC003	Resend OTR button link is activated after x seconds of sending the OTR to the customer and timer is configurable	UI with OTR-based consent option,  X=60 ses	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for x seconds	Resend OTR button link is activated	Positive								
	TC004	Resend OTR button link is not activated before x seconds of sending the OTR to the customer	UI with OTR-based consent option,  X=60 ses	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than x seconds	Resend OTR button link is not activated	Negative								
	TC005	System does not allow changing the mode of consent if SMS is sent to primary applicant's mobile number	UI with consent mode options	1. Send SMS to primary applicant's mobile number 2. Try to change mode of consent	Mode of consent cannot be changed	Positive								
	TC006	System does not allow changing the mode of consent if SMS is sent to primary applicant's mobile number	UI with consent mode options	1. Send SMS to primary applicant's mobile number 2. Try to change mode of consent	Mode of consent can be changed	Negative								
	TC007	System allows changing the mode of consent if OTR is expired	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Try to change mode of consent	Mode of consent can be changed	Positive								
	TC008	System allows changing the mode of consent if OTR is expired	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Try to change mode of consent	Mode of consent can be changed	Negative								
	TC009	System allows Business Executive to resend the OTR a configurable number of times if OTR is expired	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Click Resend OTR button	OTR is resent a configurable number of times	Positive								
	TC010	System disables the 'OTR' radio button after three unsuccessful attempts to send SMS to primary applicant	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Try to resend OTR three times without success	'OTR' radio button is disabled after three attempts	Positive								
	TC011	Sent OTR expires in X seconds and expiration time is visible on the screen	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire	OTR expires in X seconds and expiration time is visible on the screen	Positive								
	TC012	Sent OTR expires in X seconds and expiration time is visible on the screen	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire	OTR expires in X seconds and expiration time is not visible on the screen	Negative								
	TC013	Previous OTR automatically expires when a new OTR is resent	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Resend OTR	Previous OTR expires and new OTR is sent	Positive								
	Validation Scenario 2													
	TC014	Resend OTR button is disabled if the OTR for Primary applicant consent is not responsive	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to be unresponsive	Resend OTR button is disabled	Positive								
	TC015	Resend OTR button is disabled if the OTR for Primary applicant consent is not responsive	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to be unresponsive	Resend OTR button is enabled	Negative								
	TC016	FE/BE tries to resend the OTR for Primary applicant consent if it is not responsive	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. OTR is unresponsive, try to resend OTR	OTR is resent or another mode of consent is selected	Positive								
	TC017	Resend button OTR link is disabled initially	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent	Resend button OTR link is disabled initially	Positive								
	TC018	Resend button OTR link is enabled after the OTR expires	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire	Resend button OTR link is enabled after the OTR expires	Positive								
	TC019	Resend button OTR link is enabled after the OTR expires	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire	Resend button OTR link is disabled after the OTR expires	Negative								
	TC020	Previous OTR automatically expires when a new OTR is resent	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Resend OTR	Previous OTR expires when a new OTR is resent	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 3: The OTR sent to the Primary Applicant's mobile number is expired - User plans to resend the OTR													
	TC021	Timer for OTR expiration is displayed on the app	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Verify that the timer for OTR expiration is displayed on the app	Timer for OTR expiration is displayed on the app	Positive								
	TC022	Resend OTR button link is activated after the OTR expires	UI with OTR-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Check if the ""Resend OTR"" button is activated"	"""Resend OTR"" button link is activated after the OTR expires"	Positive								
	TC023	Resend OTR button link is not activated before the OTR expires	UI with OTR-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than the OTR expiration time 3. Check if the ""Resend OTR"" button is activated"	"""Resend OTR"" button link is not activated before the OTR expires"	Negative								
	TC024	Resend OTR button link is not activated after the OTR expires if resend attempts are exhausted	UI with OTR-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Exhaust the resend attempts for the OTR	"""Resend OTR"" button link is not activated after the OTR expires"	Negative								
	TC025	"Business executive can click on ""Resend OTR"" button link to resend the OTR after it expires"	UI with OTR-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Click on ""Resend OTR"" button link"	"Business executive can click on ""Resend OTR"" button link to resend the OTR"	Positive								
	TC026	"Business executive cannot click on ""Resend OTR"" button link before the OTR expires"	UI with OTR-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than the OTR expiration time 3. Try to click on ""Resend OTR"" button link"	"Business executive cannot click on ""Resend OTR"" button link before the OTR expires"	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 4: The OTR sent to the primary applicant's mobile number is expired - User selects link based consent option													
	TC027	"System allows sending a link via SMS if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" based consent option after OTR expires"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""Link"" based consent option"	System allows sending a link via SMS on the primary applicant's mobile number	Positive								
	TC028	"System does not allow sending a link via SMS if the Business executive does not select the ""Link"" based consent option after OTR expires"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Do not select ""Link"" based consent option"	System does not allow sending a link via SMS on the primary applicant's mobile number	Negative								
	TC029	"System allows sending a link via SMS if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" based consent option before OTR expires"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than the OTR expiration time 3. Select ""Link"" based consent option"	System allows sending a link via SMS on the primary applicant's mobile number	Positive								
	TC030	"System does not allow sending a link via SMS if the Business executive does not select the ""Link"" based consent option before OTR expires"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than the OTR expiration time 3. Do not select ""Link"" based consent option"	System does not allow sending a link via SMS on the primary applicant's mobile number	Negative								
	TC031	"System allows sending a link via SMS if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" based consent option after OTR expires and resend link attempts are not exhausted"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""Link"" based consent option 4. Check if resend link attempts are not exhausted"	System allows sending a link via SMS on the primary applicant's mobile number	Positive								
	TC032	"System does not allow sending a link via SMS if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" based consent option after OTR expires and resend link attempts are exhausted"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""Link"" based consent option 4. Exhaust the resend link attempts"	System does not allow sending a link via SMS on the primary applicant's mobile number	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 5: The OTR sent to the customer expired - User selects FORM or Link													
	TC033	"System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully if the Business executive selects the ""FORM"" option after OTR expires"	UI with FORM-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""FORM"" option"	System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully	Positive								
	TC034	"System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" option after OTR expires"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""Link"" option"	System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully	Positive								
	TC035	System allow capturing and completing the consent task if the Business executive does not select any option after OTR expires	UI with FORM-based consent option	1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire	System does not allow capturing and completing the consent task	Negative								
	TC036	"System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully if the Business executive selects the ""FORM"" option before OTR expires"	UI with FORM-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than the OTR expiration time 3. Select ""FORM"" option"	System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully	Positive								
	TC037	"System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" option before OTR expires"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for less than the OTR expiration time 3. Select ""Link"" option"	System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully	Positive								
	TC038	"System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully if the Business executive selects the ""FORM"" option after OTR expires and resend link attempts are not exhausted"	UI with FORM-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""FORM"" option 4. Check if resend link attempts are not exhausted"	System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully	Positive								
	TC039	"System allow capturing and completing the consent task if the Business executive selects the ""FORM"" option after OTR expires and resend link attempts are exhausted"	UI with FORM-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""FORM"" option 4. Exhaust the resend link attempts"	System does not allow capturing and completing the consent task	Negative								
	TC040	"System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" option after OTR expires and resend link attempts are not exhausted"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""Link"" option 4. Check if resend link attempts are not exhausted"	System allows capturing and completing the consent task successfully	Positive								
	TC041	"System  allow capturing and completing the consent task if the Business executive selects the ""Link"" option after OTR expires and resend link attempts are exhausted"	UI with Link-based consent option	"1. Submit OTR-based consent 2. Wait for OTR to expire 3. Select ""Link"" option 4. Exhaust the resend link attempts"	System does not allow capturing and completing the consent task	Negative								
