Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Pass/Failed	Attachments(Issue)
	Scope : 							
	TC_001	Verify that AML check is triggered after QDE 1A and Posidex checks for an applicant.	Valid applicant data that passes QDE 1A and Posidex checks.	1. Enter valid applicant data. 2. Complete QDE 1A. 3. Conduct Posidex check. 4. Verify AML check is triggered.	AML check is triggered successfully after QDE 1A and Posidex checks.	Positive		
	TC_002	Verify that AML check is triggered after QDE 1A and Posidex checks for an applicant.	Valid applicant data that passes QDE 1A and Posidex checks.	1. Enter valid applicant data. 2. Complete QDE 1A. 3. Conduct Posidex check. 4. Verify AML check is triggered.	AML check is not triggered successfully after QDE 1A and Posidex checks.	Negative		
	TC_003	"Verify the system handles a ""Match"" result from AML check and stops the case."	Applicant data that matches AML watchlist criteria.	"1. Trigger AML check for an applicant. 2. Receive a ""Match"" response from AML API."	"The case is hard-stopped and marked as ""Declined"" on the front end."	Positive		
	TC_004	"Verify the system handles a ""Match"" result from AML check and stops the case."	Applicant data that matches AML watchlist criteria.	"1. Trigger AML check for an applicant. 2. Receive a ""Match"" response from AML API."	"The case is not hard-stopped and not marked as ""Declined"" on the front end."	Negative		
	TC_005	"Verify the system moves to external fraud check when AML check returns ""No Match""."	Applicant data that does not match AML watchlist criteria.	"1. Trigger AML check for an applicant. 2. Receive a ""No Match"" response from AML API. 3. Verify that the system triggers the external fraud check (Sherlock)."	The system proceeds to conduct an external fraud check.	Positive		
	TC_006	Verify that an error message is displayed when AML check API returns an error.	Invalid applicant data or simulate API failure.	1. Trigger AML check for an applicant. 2. Simulate an API error response.	An appropriate error message is displayed on the front end.	Positive		
	TC_007	Verify AML Report : Store all the data from the AML API response in FOS App	Valid applicant data that for AML report	"1. Trigger external fraud check after AML ""No Match"". 2. Receive fraud check results. 3. Verify results are displayed on the front end."	All the data should be stored in FOS app with AML API response.	Positive		
	TC_008	Verify fraud check results for a score above the threshold.	Applicant data resulting in a score above the fraud threshold.	1. Trigger external fraud check. 2. Receive a score above the threshold from Sherlock API. 3. Verify system's response.	The system handles the case according to the fraud check score and moves forward as defined.	Positive		
	TC_009	Verify fraud check results for a score below the threshold.	Applicant data resulting in a score below the fraud threshold.	1. Trigger external fraud check. 2. Receive a score below the threshold from Sherlock API. 3. Verify system's response.	The system handles the case according to the fraud check score and proceeds with subsequent steps.	Positive		
	TC_010	Verify input parameters for fraud check are correctly captured and validated.	Various combinations of input parameters including missing or incorrect values.	1. Trigger external fraud check with different input combinations. 2. Validate that system captures all required input parameters correctly.	The system accepts all mandatory parameters and returns errors for missing or incorrect ones before initiating the fraud check.	Positive		
	TC_011	Verify the system’s behavior when AML and fraud checks are conducted for all applicants.	Multiple applicants including co-applicants and guarantors.	1. Enter multiple applicants including co-applicants and guarantors. 2. Complete QDE 1A and Posidex checks. 3. Trigger AML and fraud checks for all applicants.	AML and fraud checks are correctly triggered and processed for all applicants including co-applicants and guarantors.	Positive		
	Validations:							
	TC_012	Verify that the system automatically calls the AML check API when a case enters the stage.	Valid case data entering the specified stage.	1. Create a case that reaches the specified stage. 2. Monitor if the AML check API is automatically called.	The system automatically calls the AML check API when the case enters the specified stage.	Positive		
	TC_013	Verify that the system automatically calls the AML check API when a case enters the stage.	Valid case data entering the specified stage.	1. Create a case that reaches the specified stage. 2. Monitor if the AML check API is automatically called.	The system is not automatically calls the AML check API when the case enters the specified stage.	Negative		
	TC_014	Verify system behavior when the AML check API is not automatically called.	Valid case data but simulate a failure in automatic API call.	1. Create a case that reaches the specified stage. 2. Simulate a failure in calling the AML check API automatically. 3. Verify system logs and user notifications.	The system logs an error and notifies the user/admin that the AML check API was not called.	Positive		
	TC_015	Verify that the system checks for all mandatory input parameters before AML check initiation.	Case data with complete set of mandatory input parameters.	1. Create a case with all mandatory input parameters. 2. Trigger the AML check. 3. Monitor system actions before initiating the check.	The system verifies all mandatory input parameters are present before initiating the AML check.	Positive		
	TC_016	Verify system behavior when some mandatory input parameters are missing for AML check.	Case data with missing mandatory input parameters.	1. Create a case with missing mandatory input parameters. 2. Attempt to trigger the AML check. 3. Verify system's response to missing data.	The system does not initiate the AML check and displays an error message indicating missing parameters.	Positive		
	TC_017	Verify that the system checks for all mandatory input parameters before External Fraud check (Sherlock) initiation.	Case data with complete set of mandatory input parameters.	1. Create a case with all mandatory input parameters. 2. Trigger the External Fraud check. 3. Monitor system actions before initiating the check.	The system verifies all mandatory input parameters are present before initiating the External Fraud check (Sherlock).	Positive		
	Acceptance Criteria: Scenario 1: AML API to be triggered to perform the AML check							
	TC_018	Verify AML API is triggered for performing AML check when a case enters the stage.	Valid applicant data entering the required stage.	1. Create a case with valid applicant data. 2. Ensure the case reaches the specified stage for AML check. 3. Monitor the system for AML API call.	AML API is triggered automatically when the case reaches the specified stage.	Positive		
	TC_019	Verify AML API is triggered for performing AML check when a case enters the stage.	Valid applicant data entering the required stage.	1. Create a case with valid applicant data. 2. Ensure the case reaches the specified stage for AML check. 3. Monitor the system for AML API call.	AML API is not triggered automatically when the case reaches the specified stage.	Negative		
	TC_020	"Verify system behavior for a ""Match"" result from AML check."	"Applicant data resulting in a ""Match"" response from AML API."	"1. Create a case with applicant data. 2. Trigger the AML check. 3. Receive a ""Match"" response from the AML API. 4. Verify the case status on the front end (FE)."	"Case is marked as ""Declined"" and highlighted on the FE App."	Positive		
	TC_021	"Verify the option to delete existing customer and add a new customer in case of a ""Match"" for Co-applicant and Guarantor."	"Co-applicant or guarantor data that triggers a ""Match"" response from AML API."	"1. Create a case with co-applicant or guarantor data. 2. Trigger the AML check. 3. Receive a ""Match"" response. 4. Verify options to delete existing customer and add a new customer are available on FE."	Options to delete the existing customer and add a new customer are available on the FE App.	Positive		
	Acceptance criteria: Scenario 3: AML API/External Fraud Check  API Trigger Fail - Technical Failure							
	TC_022	Verify system behavior when AML API fails on the first attempt and succeeds on the second attempt.	Applicant data with simulated failure and success for AML API response.	1. Create a case with applicant data. 2. Trigger the AML check API. 3. Simulate a failure on the first attempt. 4. System retries the AML check API. 5. Simulate a success on the second attempt. 6. Verify that the case proceeds correctly after the successful response.	System processes the AML API response successfully after the second attempt and moves the case to the next stage.	Positive		
	TC_023	Verify system behavior when AML API fails on the first and second attempts but succeeds on the third attempt.	Applicant data with simulated failures and success for AML API response.	1. Create a case with applicant data. 2. Trigger the AML check API. 3. Simulate failures on the first and second attempts. 4. System retries the AML API two more times. 5. Simulate a success on the third attempt. 6. Verify that the case proceeds correctly after the successful response.	System processes the AML API response successfully after the third attempt and moves the case to the next stage.	Positive		
	TC_024	Verify system behavior when AML API fails on the first and second attempts but succeeds on the third attempt.	Applicant data with simulated failures and success for AML API response.	1. Create a case with applicant data. 2. Trigger the AML check API. 3. Simulate failures on the first and second attempts. 4. System retries the AML API two more times. 5. Simulate a success on the third attempt. 6. Verify that the case proceeds correctly after the successful response.	System is not processes the AML API response successfully after the third attempt and not move the case in to the next stage.	Negative		
	TC_025	Verify system behavior when AML API fails to respond after all retry attempts.	Applicant data with simulated triple failure for AML API response.	1. Create a case with applicant data. 2. Trigger the AML check API. 3. Simulate failures on all three retry attempts. 4. Verify that the system displays an error message with the failure details. 5. Verify that the Business Executive can see the retry option.	System displays an error message indicating AML check failure and provides a retry option for the user after three failed attempts.	Positive		
CG-467	Scenario 1: AML API to be triggered to perform the AML check							
	TC_026	Verify triggering of AML API for check	Guarantor's Details	1. AML check is triggered with the available Guarantor details	AML check is performed using API	Positive		
	TC_027	Verify BE options on AML 'Match' result	'Match' Result	1. Examine AML check result	BE can delete this guarantor and add another Guarantor or case will be hard stopped	Positive		
	TC_028	Verify system action on AML 'No Match' result	'No Match' Result	1. Examine AML check result	System proceeds to conduct External Fraud check	Positive		
	Scenario 2: Based on the execution of the fraud check following outcomes will be visible:							
	TC_029	Validate external fraud check result 'Above Threshold Score'	'Above Threshold Score' Result	1. Initiate external fraud check 2. Examine result	System auto-initiates Bureau check after above threshold score	Positive		
	TC_030	Validate external fraud check result 'Above Threshold Score'	'Above Threshold Score' Result	1. Initiate external fraud check 2. Examine result	System does not auto-initiates Bureau check even after above threshold score	Negative		
	TC_031	b. Below threshold Score(Match): 	'Above Threshold Score' Result	1. Initiate external fraud check 2. Examine result	System auto-initiates Bureau check after above threshold score	Positive		
	Scenario 3: AML API/External Fraud Check  API Trigger Fail - Technical Failure							
	TC_032	Verify retry mechanism on AML/Fraud check API failure		1. Initiate AML/Fraud Check 2. Force API failure	System retries the API call two more times upon initial failure, followed by the display of a retry button for BE to manually initiate the checks	Positive		
	TC_033	Verify retry mechanism on AML/Fraud check API failure		1. Initiate AML/Fraud Check 2. Force API failure	System retries the API call two more times upon initial failure, BE is unable to manually RE-TRY 	Negative		
								
CG-468	TC_034	Initiate QDE successfully.	User is on the QDE screen.		QDE data entry screen is displayed.	Positive		
	TC_035	Verify if the fields which are data populated from lead stage are greyed			Data fields auto populated are greyed	Positive		
	TC_036	Verify if the fields which are non-editable by FE is greyed out. 			Non-editable fields are greyed out.	Positive		
	TC_037	Greyed out fields are editable	FE tries to edit Greyed out fields		Fields can be edited	Negative		
	TC_038	Greyed out fields are not editable	Attempt to edit non-editable fields.		Fields cannot be edited	Positive		
	TC_039	System to highlight fields which are not pre filled from Lead or KYC stage			Not pre filled fields are highlihtd in QDE stage	Positive		
	TC_040	System to highlight fields which are not pre filled from Lead or KYC stage			Not pre filled fields are not highlihtd in QDE stage	Negative		
	TC_041	Field case validation - sentence casing.	Enter data in non-sentence case. 		Data is displayed in sentence case.	Positive		
	TC_042	QDE stage reflects documents submitted previously.	View documents submitted at previous stages.		Documents are displayed in the QDE stage.	Positive		
	TC_043	QDE stage does not reflects documents submitted previously.	Documents submitted at previous stages.		Documents are not displayed in the QDE stage.	Negative		
	TC_044	Verify if KYC completion flag is visible			KYC completion flag must be reflected in QDE stage	Positive		
	TC_045	Verify if KYC completion flag is not visible			KYC completion flag is not reflected in QDE stage	Negative		
	TC_046	Error message displayed when QDE data is invalid in any fields/Field validations are not met	QDE form with invalid data and click Submit.		Error message indicating invalid data is displayed system doesnt allow FE to move to next stage	Positive		
	TC_047	System proceeds to next satage when QDE data is invalid in any fields/Field validations are not met	QDE form with invalid data and click Submit.		System proceeds to next stage	Negative		
	TC_048	Move to the next stage with rectified data	Correct data entered after validation failure and click Submit.		Progress to the next stage.	Positive		
	TC_049	Submit QDE data with missing mandatory fields.	Incomplete QDE form and click Submit.		Error message indicating missing fields/ are mandatory to filled is displayed and system doesnt allow FE to move to next stage	Positive		
	TC_050	Submit QDE data with missing mandatory fields.	Incomplete QDE form and click Submit.		System accepts QDE data and flows to next stage	Negative		
	TC_051	Submission error due to technical issue.	Valid QDE data and click Submit (simulating a failure).		Error message Techinical error is displayed and system doesnt allow Fe to move to next stage	Positive		
	TC_052	Move to the next stage after successful checks.	Pass all checks and validations.		Progress to the next stage.	Positive		
	TC_053	Enter all the mandatory fields with valid data entry	Complete QDE form with valid data and click Submit.		Move to the next stage (Negative/Dedupe check).	Positive		
