Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Attachments(Issue)	Pass/Faile	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	Pass/Fail	Comments	Defect-ID(JIRA)	Device	Attachments(Issue)
MT-7	Scope Scenario 1 													
	TC001	Triggering SMS with OTR to customer mobile number	Customer mobile number	1. System triggers an SMS with OTR to the provided customer mobile number.	SMS with OTR is sent successfully to the customer mobile number.	Positive								
	TC002	Triggering SMS with OTR to customer mobile number	Customer mobile number	1. System triggers an SMS with OTR to the provided customer mobile number.	SMS with OTR is not send to the customer mobile number.	Negative								
	TC003	Entering OTR in the FE App to capture customer consent	OTR	1. FE enters the OTR in the FE App.	OTR is successfully captured in the FE App.	Positive								
	TC004	Auto-initiation of OTR verification on entering the fourth digit	OTR	1. BE enters the fourth (last) digit of the OTR.	System auto-initiates the verification of the OTR.	Positive								
	TC005	Auto-initiation of OTR verification on entering the fourth digit	OTR	1. BE enters the fourth (last) digit of the OTR.	System  not  auto-initiates the verification of the OTR.	Negative								
	TC006	Displaying a popup on successfully verifying the OTR and allowing BE to proceed in the journey through a Proceed button	Verified OTR	1. OTR is successfully verified.	"2. System displays a popup with a ""Proceed"" button."	Positive								
	TC007	Displaying a popup on successfully verifying the OTR and allowing BE to proceed in the journey through a Proceed button	Verified OTR	1. OTR is successfully verified.	"2.  ""Proceed"" button not display on popup."	Negative								
	TC008	Failure of OTR verification allows BE to land back to capturing of consent screen with previous OTR pre-filled and editable	Invalid OTR	1. BE enters an invalid OTR and attempts verification. 2. Verification fails.	3. System displays a popup indicating verification failure and allows BE to edit the previous OTR. The previous OTR is highlighted in red (all 4 digits).	Positive								
	TC009	Validate T&C content includes all required consent areas	T&C Text	1. Review the T&C content to verify if it includes all the following consent areas: - Capturing Aadhaar details from Primary applicant - KYC consent (including EKYC/CKYC) consent - Consent to run bureau - Consent to proceed with loan journey - Pull data from aggregators - E-NACH/Mandate consent - Cross sell consent - Document password - WhatsApp consent	The T&C content should include all the listed consent areas.	Positive								
	TC010	Validate T&C content includes all required consent areas	T&C Text	1. Review the T&C content to verify if it includes all the following consent areas: - Capturing Aadhaar details from Primary applicant - KYC consent (including EKYC/CKYC) consent - Consent to run bureau - Consent to proceed with loan journey - Pull data from aggregators - E-NACH/Mandate consent - Cross sell consent - Document password - WhatsApp consent	The T&C content miss some  the listed consent areas.	Negative								
	TC011	Application ID generation for customers providing OTR as consent	OTR	1. Customer provides OTR as consent. 2. BE initiates the application process.	Application ID is generated for the customer providing OTR as consent.	Positive								
	TC012	Preventing BE from changing the mode of consent until OTR is expired	OTR	1. OTR is provided as consent. 2. BE attempts to change the mode of consent before OTR expires.	System does not allow BE to change the mode of consent until the OTR is expired.	Positive								
	TC013	"Verify SMS is sent to the Primary applicant's provided phone number when BE selects ""OTR"""	X seconds	"1. Select ""OTR"" mode of consent. <br> 2. Click on ""Send OTR"". <br> 3. Wait for X seconds."	An SMS is sent to the Primary applicant's provided phone number within X seconds.	Positive								
	TC014	Verify Resend OTR button is not activated immediately after sending OTR	X seconds	1. Send OTR to customer. <br> 2. Check if Resend OTR button is activated immediately.	Resend OTR button is not activated immediately after sending OTR.	Positive								
	TC015	Verify Resend OTR button is activated after X seconds of sending OTR	X seconds	1. Send OTR to customer. <br> 2. Wait for X seconds. <br> 3. Check if Resend OTR button is activated.	Resend OTR button is activated after X seconds of sending OTR.	Positive								
	TC016	Verify the app displays the correct message after sending OTR	+91 <Mobile number>	"1. Send OTR to customer. <br> 2. Check if the app displays the message: ""The OTR has been sent on +91 <Mobile number>. Didn’t receive OTR?"""	"The app displays the message: ""The OTR has been sent on +91 <Mobile number>. Didn’t receive OTR?"""	Positive								
	TC017	Verify the app displays the correct message after sending OTR multiple times	+91 <Mobile number>	"1. Send OTR to customer multiple times. <br> 2. Check if the app displays the message: ""The OTR has been sent on +91 <Mobile number>. Didn’t receive OTR?"" for each attempt."	The app displays the correct message for each attempt.	Positive								
	Validation Scenario 2:													
	TC018	"Sending the consent OTR SMS ""3"" times to the Primary applicant and disabling the OTR option post the configured attempts"	"OTR, SMS"	"1. System sends the OTR SMS to the Primary applicant ""3"" times."	"2. After sending the OTR SMS ""3"" times, the OTR option is disabled."	Positive								
	TC019	"Expiry of the OTR in ""3"" minutes"	"OTR, Timer"	"1. OTR is generated and starts the timer for expiry. 2. Wait for ""3"" minutes."	"3. OTR expires after ""3"" minutes."	Positive								
	TC020	"Expiry of the OTR in ""3"" minutes"	"OTR, Timer"	"1. OTR is generated and starts the timer for expiry. 2. Wait for ""3"" minutes."	"3. OTR expires before  ""3"" minutes."	Negative								
	TC021	Preventing BE from proceeding to the next page until consent is established	OTR	1. BE tries to proceed to the next page without establishing consent.	2. System does not allow BE to proceed to the next page until consent is established.	Positive								
	TC022	Preventing BE from proceeding to the next page until consent is established	OTR	1. BE tries to proceed to the next page without establishing consent.	2. System allow BE to proceed to the next page until consent is established.	Negative								
	TC023	Considering the latest OTR triggered for verification in case of multiple OTRs triggered	OTR	1. Multiple OTRs are triggered for the same customer. 2. BE verifies the OTRs.	3. System considers the latest OTR triggered for verification.	Positive								
	TC024	Starting the timer for OTR expiry upon receiving connection successful status of SMS API and not starting if the API is down	"OTR, SMS"	1. OTR is generated and SMS API connection is successful. 2. Verify the timer starts for OTR expiry. 3. Simulate SMS API down situation. 4. Verify the timer does not start for OTR expiry.	"2. Timer for OTR expiry starts upon receiving connection successful status of SMS API. 4. If the API is down, the timer for OTR expiry does not start."	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 3: Primary applicant received OTR and BE enters a valid OTR on the app													
	TC025	Primary applicant received OTR and BE enters a valid OTR on the app	OTR	1. Primary applicant receives the OTR through SMS. 2. BE enters the correct OTR in the app.	The correct OTR is entered by BE in the app.	Positive								
	TC026	BE agrees to the T&C communicated by the system through SMS	"SMS, T&C"	1. BE receives the T&C through SMS. 2. BE reads and agrees to the T&C.	BE agrees to the T&C communicated by the system through SMS.	Positive								
	TC027	Auto-verification of the correct OTR by the system on entering the 4th digit	OTR	1. BE enters the correct OTR in the app. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of the OTR.	The system auto-verifies the OTR entered by BE upon entering the 4th digit.	Positive								
	TC028	Displaying a successful verification pop-up with the generated application number upon entering the correct OTR	Application Number	1. BE enters the correct OTR in the app. 2. System auto-verifies the OTR upon entering the 4th digit. 3. Successful verification pop-up is displayed.	Successful verification pop-up is displayed with the generated application number.	Positive								
	TC029	Displaying a successful verification pop-up with the generated application number upon entering the correct OTR	Application Number	1. BE enters the correct OTR in the app. 2. System auto-verifies the OTR upon entering the 4th digit. 3. Successful verification pop-up is displayed.	Successful verification pop-up is displayed without the generated application number.	Negative								
	TC030	Moving BE to the next stage upon clicking the Proceed button from the successful verification pop-up	Proceed Button	1. BE enters the correct OTR in the app. 2. System auto-verifies the OTR upon entering the 4th digit. 3. Successful verification pop-up is displayed. 4. BE clicks on the Proceed button.	BE is moved to the next stage of the process.	Positive								
	TC031	BE cannot proceed to the next stage without entering a valid OTR	Invalid OTR	1. BE enters an invalid OTR in the app. 2. System does not auto-verify the invalid OTR upon entering the 4th digit. 3. BE tries to proceed to the next stage.	System does not allow BE to proceed to the next stage without entering a valid OTR.	Negative								
	TC032	BE cannot proceed to the next stage without agreeing to the T&C	No T&C	1. BE receives the T&C through SMS but does not agree to it. 2. BE tries to proceed to the next stage.	System does not allow BE to proceed to the next stage without agreeing to the T&C.	Negative								
	TC033	BE cannot proceed to the next stage if the verification pop-up is not displayed	No Pop-up	1. BE enters the correct OTR in the app. 2. System auto-verifies the OTR upon entering the 4th digit but fails to display the successful verification pop-up. 3. BE tries to proceed to the next stage.	System does not allow BE to proceed to the next stage if the verification pop-up is not displayed.	Negative								
	TC034	BE cannot proceed to the next stage if the Proceed button is not clicked from the successful verification pop-up	No Click	1. BE enters the correct OTR in the app. 2. System auto-verifies the OTR upon entering the 4th digit. 3. Successful verification pop-up is displayed but BE does not click on the Proceed button. 4. BE tries to proceed to the next stage.	System does not allow BE to proceed to the next stage if the Proceed button is not clicked from the successful verification pop-up.	Negative								
	TC035	Sending an SMS containing the application ID to the Primary applicant's mobile number	Application ID	1. Application ID is generated successfully. 2. System triggers an SMS containing the application ID to the Primary applicant's mobile number.	An SMS containing the application ID is sent to the Primary applicant's mobile number.	Positive								
	TC036	Reflecting the application ID status in CLMS	Application ID	1. Application ID is generated successfully. 2. Application ID status is updated in CLMS.	The application ID status is reflected correctly in CLMS.	Positive								
	TC037	System fails to send an SMS containing the application ID due to technical issues	Application ID	1. Application ID is generated successfully. 2. System fails to send the SMS containing the application ID due to technical issues.	System does not send an SMS containing the application ID.	Negative								
	TC038	Application ID status is not updated in CLMS due to technical issues	Application ID	1. Application ID is generated successfully. 2. System fails to update the application ID status in CLMS due to technical issues.	Application ID status is not updated in CLMS.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 4: Primary applicant received OTR and BE enters an invalid OTR on the app													
	TC039	Auto-initiation of OTR validation on entering the 4th digit of an invalid OTR	Invalid OTR	1. BE enters an invalid OTR in the app. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of the invalid OTR.	System auto-initiates the validation of the invalid OTR upon entering the 4th digit.	Positive								
	TC040	Displaying a failure pop-up with a message to enter a valid OTR and a Retry button	Invalid OTR	1. BE enters an invalid OTR in the app. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of the invalid OTR. 3. System initiates validation of the OTR and fails.	"System displays a failure pop-up with a message saying ""Verification Failed"" and ""Please enter a valid OTR"" with a Retry button."	Positive								
	TC041	Landing on the Mode of Consent accordion upon clicking the Retry button	Invalid OTR	1. BE enters an invalid OTR in the app. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of the invalid OTR. 3. System displays a failure pop-up. 4. BE clicks on the Retry button.	BE lands on the Mode of Consent accordion.	Positive								
	TC042	Landing on the Mode of Consent accordion upon clicking the Retry button	Invalid OTR	1. BE enters an invalid OTR in the app. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of the invalid OTR. 3. System displays a failure pop-up. 4. BE clicks on the Retry button.	BE not lands on the Mode of Consent accordion.	Negative								
	TC043	BE can enter a valid OTR or resend the OTR on the Mode of Consent accordion	-	1. BE lands on the Mode of Consent accordion. 2. BE has the option to enter a valid OTR or resend the OTR.	BE can enter a valid OTR or resend the OTR.	Positive								
	TC044	BE can choose the link-based consent option if link-based resend attempts are not exhausted	-	1. BE lands on the Mode of Consent accordion. 2. BE does not have the option to resend the OTR. 3. BE chooses the link-based consent option.	BE can choose the link-based consent option.	Positive								
	TC045	BE can choose the form-based consent option if both link and OTR based resend attempts are exhausted	-	1. BE lands on the Mode of Consent accordion. 2. BE does not have the option to resend the OTR or choose the link-based consent option. 3. BE chooses the form-based consent option.	BE can choose the form-based consent option.	Positive								
	TC046	Retry button is not available if the number of resend OTR attempts are exhausted	-	1. BE enters an invalid OTR multiple times and exhausts the number of resend attempts. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of an invalid OTR.	Retry button is not available.	Negative								
	TC047	BE cannot choose the link-based consent option if link-based resend attempts are exhausted	-	1. BE enters an invalid OTR multiple times and exhausts the number of link-based resend attempts. 2. BE lands on the Mode of Consent accordion. 3. BE does not have the option to choose the link-based consent option.	BE cannot choose the link-based consent option.	Negative								
	TC048	BE cannot choose the form-based consent option if both link and OTR based resend attempts are not exhausted	-	1. BE enters an invalid OTR multiple times but does not exhaust the number of resend attempts. 2. BE enters the 4th digit of an invalid OTR. 3. BE lands on the Mode of Consent accordion. 4. BE does not have the option to choose the form-based consent option.	BE cannot choose the form-based consent option.	Negative								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 5: Primary applicant is not able to receive the OTR (One Time Reference) due to technical glitch 													
	TC049	BE is unable to proceed with the selected mode of consent and selects a different mode	-	"1. BE attempts to proceed with the selected mode of consent but encounters an issue. 2. BE selects a different mode of consent (e.g., Manual based Consent or Link)."	BE is able to select a different mode of consent and proceed further.	Positive								
	TC050	BE is unable to proceed with any mode of consent due to technical issues	-	"1. BE attempts to proceed with the selected mode of consent but encounters a technical issue. 2. BE attempts to select a different mode of consent (e.g., Manual based Consent or Link) but encounters the same technical issue."	BE is unable to proceed with any mode of consent due to technical issues.	Negative								
	TC051	"BE is able to select ""Manual based Consent"" as a different mode of consent"	-	"1. BE attempts to proceed with the selected mode of consent but encounters an issue. 2. BE selects ""Manual based Consent"" as a different mode of consent."	"BE is able to select ""Manual based Consent"" as a different mode of consent and proceed further."	Positive								
	TC052	"BE is able to select ""Link"" as a different mode of consent"	-	"1. BE attempts to proceed with the selected mode of consent but encounters an issue. 2. BE selects ""Link"" as a different mode of consent."	"BE is able to select ""Link"" as a different mode of consent and proceed further."	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 6: BE selects OTR (One Time Reference) based mode of consent.													
	TC053	BE successfully sends an OTR SMS to the primary applicant's mobile number	-	1. BE selects the 'OTR' based consent option. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button.	An SMS is sent to the primary applicant's mobile number containing the OTR.	Positive								
	TC054	BE enters a valid OTR provided by the customer in the FE app	Valid OTR	1. BE receives an OTR SMS on their mobile number. 2. BE enters the OTR provided by the customer in the FE app.	BE enters the valid OTR without any issues.	Positive								
	TC055	System verifies the OTR after BE enters the 4th digit for OTR	Valid OTR	1. BE receives an OTR SMS on their mobile number. 2. BE enters the first three digits of the OTR provided by the customer in the FE app. 3. BE enters the 4th digit of the OTR.	System successfully verifies the OTR after BE enters the 4th digit.	Positive								
	TC056	BE verifies the OTR successfully and clicks on the 'Proceed' button	-	1. BE receives an OTR SMS on their mobile number. 2. BE enters the OTR provided by the customer in the FE app. 3. System verifies the OTR after BE enters the 4th digit. 4. System displays a popup with 'Verification Successful' and a 'Proceed' button. 5. BE clicks on the 'Proceed' button.	System displays a popup with 'Verification Successful' and a 'Proceed' button. BE is able to click on the 'Proceed' button and proceed to the KYC stage.	Positive								
	TC057	BE is unable to proceed to the KYC stage if the OTR is not verified successfully	-	1. BE receives an OTR SMS on their mobile number. 2. BE enters an invalid OTR provided by the customer in the FE app. 3. System attempts to verify the OTR after BE enters the 4th digit. 4. System displays a popup indicating 'Verification Failed'.	System displays a popup indicating 'Verification Failed'. BE is unable to proceed to the KYC stage.	Negative								
	"Acceptance Criteria Scenario 7: BE selects ""OTR"" based mode of consent but the SMS is not received by the Primary applicant"													
	TC058	"BE selects 'OTR'-based consent and clicks on the 'Send OTR' button, and the primary applicant does not receive the SMS"	-	1. BE selects 'OTR'-based consent. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button. 3. The primary applicant does not receive the SMS.	The 'Resend OTR' button is activated.	Positive								
	TC059	"BE selects 'OTR'-based consent and clicks on the 'Send OTR' button, and the primary applicant does not receive the SMS"	-	1. BE selects 'OTR'-based consent. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button. 3. The primary applicant does not receive the SMS.	The 'Resend OTR' button is not activated.	Negative								
	TC060	BE is able to resend the OTR SMS	-	1. BE selects 'OTR'-based consent. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button. 3. The primary applicant does not receive the SMS. 4. BE clicks on the 'Resend OTR' button.	The OTR SMS is resent to the primary applicant's mobile number.	Positive								
	TC061	BE attempts to resend the OTR SMS more than 'X' times (configured maximum resend attempts)	-	1. BE selects 'OTR'-based consent. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button. 3. The primary applicant does not receive the SMS. 4. BE clicks on the 'Resend OTR' button 'X' times (configured maximum resend attempts).	The 'Resend OTR' button is disabled after 'X' attempts (configured maximum resend attempts).	Positive								
	TC062	"BE selects 'OTR'-based consent, but the OTR expires before the primary applicant receives the SMS"	-	1. BE selects 'OTR'-based consent. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button. 3. The OTR expires before the primary applicant receives the SMS.	"The 'Resend OTR' button is activated, and BE can select another mode of consent."	Positive								
	TC063	"BE selects 'OTR'-based consent, but the OTR expires before the primary applicant receives the SMS"	-	1. BE selects 'OTR'-based consent. 2. BE clicks on the 'Send OTR' button. 3. The OTR expires before the primary applicant receives the SMS.	"The 'Resend OTR' button is activated, and BE cann't able to select another mode of consent."	Negative								
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
														
