Unnamed: 0	Unnamed: 1	Unnamed: 2	Unnamed: 3	Unnamed: 4	Unnamed: 5	Unnamed: 6	Unnamed: 7	Unnamed: 8	Unnamed: 9	Unnamed: 10	Unnamed: 11	Unnamed: 12	Unnamed: 13	Unnamed: 14
Story #	Test Case ID	Test Description	Test Data	Test Steps	Expected Output	Detailed Test Category	Attachments(Issue)	Pass/Faile	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	Pass/Fail	Comments	Defect-ID(JIRA)	Device	Attachments(Issue)
MT-8	Scope Scenario 1 													
	TC001	UI screen displays submit/proceed functionality upon selecting the mode of consent option	Selected mode of consent option	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select a mode of consent. 3. Verify if the submit/proceed button is displayed.	Submit/proceed button is displayed.	Positive								
	TC002	UI screen displays submit/proceed functionality upon selecting the mode of consent option	Selected mode of consent option	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select a mode of consent. 3. Verify if the submit/proceed button is displayed.	Submit/proceed button not is displayed.	Negative								
	TC003	UI screen allows clicking a photo via camera functionality to capture the signed manual consent form	Camera access	1. Navigate to the consent capture screen. 2. Click on the camera icon. 3. Capture a photo of the signed manual consent form.	Photo is captured successfully.	Positive								
	TC004	UI screen allows clicking a photo via camera functionality to capture the signed manual consent form	Camera access	1. Navigate to the consent capture screen. 2. Click on the camera icon. 3. Capture a photo of the signed manual consent form.	UI screen not allows clicking a photo via camera functionality to capture the signed manual consent form	Negative								
	TC005	System reflects the status of the Primary applicant's acceptance once signed T&C is uploaded by the user	Uploaded signed T&C document	1. Upload a signed T&C document. 2. Verify if the system reflects the acceptance status.	System reflects the acceptance status.	Positive								
	TC006	System reflects the status of the Primary applicant's acceptance once signed T&C is uploaded by the user	Uploaded signed T&C document	1. Upload a signed T&C document. 2. Verify if the system reflects the acceptance status.	System not  reflecting the acceptance status.	Negative								
	TC007	User provides consent for capturing Aadhaar details from the Primary applicant	Consent for Aadhaar details	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent for capturing Aadhaar details.	Consent for capturing Aadhaar details is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC008	User provides consent for EKYC/CKYC	Consent for EKYC/CKYC	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent for EKYC/CKYC.	Consent for EKYC/CKYC is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC009	User provides consent to run bureau	Consent to run bureau	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent to run bureau.	Consent to run bureau is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC010	User provides consent to proceed with the loan journey	Consent to proceed with loan	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent to proceed with the loan journey.	Consent to proceed with the loan journey is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC011	User provides consent to pull data from aggregators	Consent to pull data	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent to pull data from aggregators.	Consent to pull data from aggregators is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC012	User provides consent for E-NACH/Mandate	Consent for E-NACH/Mandate	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent for E-NACH/Mandate.	Consent for E-NACH/Mandate is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC013	User provides consent for cross-selling	Consent for cross-selling	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent for cross-selling.	Consent for cross-selling is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC014	User provides consent for a document password	Consent for document password	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent for a document password.	Consent for a document password is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC015	User provides consent for WhatsApp	Consent for WhatsApp	1. Navigate to the consent selection screen. 2. Select consent for WhatsApp.	Consent for WhatsApp is recorded successfully.	Positive								
	TC016	User uploads a valid manual form and requests preview	Valid manual form	1. Navigate to the manual form upload screen. 2. Upload a valid manual form. 3. Request a preview of the uploaded form.	System displays a preview of the uploaded manual form.	Positive								
	TC017	User uploads a valid manual form and requests preview	Valid manual form	1. Navigate to the manual form upload screen. 2. Upload a valid manual form. 3. Request a preview of the uploaded form.	 Preview not displayed of the uploaded manual form.	Negative								
	Validation Scenario 2													
	TC018	App limits file size and accepts only specified file types	File exceeding size, incorrect file type	1. Attempt to upload a file exceeding the specified size and with an incorrect file type.	App rejects the file upload and displays an error message indicating the size and/or file type is incorrect.	Positive								
	TC019	App reduces file size if uploaded file exceeds the specified size	File exceeding size	1. Upload a file that exceeds the specified size. 2. Verify if the app automatically reduces the file size.	App successfully reduces the file size and accepts the upload.	Positive								
	TC020	App reduces file size if uploaded file exceeds the specified size	File exceeding size	1. Upload a file that exceeds the specified size. 2. Verify if the app automatically reduces the file size.	App not able to reduces the file size and accepts the upload.	Negative								
	TC021	"Document checklist is activated when ""Manual consent"" is chosen as a mode of consent"	Manual consent selected	"1. Select ""Manual consent"" as the mode of consent. 2. Verify if the document checklist is activated."	Document checklist is activated and displayed to the user.	Positive								
	TC022	System shows success status in the document checklist when the physical form is uploaded	Physical form uploaded	1. Upload a physical form. 2. Verify if the system shows a success status in the document checklist.	System shows a success status in the document checklist.	Positive								
	TC023	System shows success status in the document checklist when the physical form is uploaded	Physical form uploaded	1. Upload a physical form. 2. Verify if the system shows a success status in the document checklist.	System not shows a success status in the document checklist.	Negative								
	TC024	System shows pending status in the document checklist until the physical form is uploaded	No physical form uploaded	"1. Choose ""Manual consent"" as the mode of consent but do not upload the physical form. 2. Verify if the system shows a pending status in the document checklist."	System shows a pending status in the document checklist.	Positive								
	TC025	System shows pending status in the document checklist until the physical form is uploaded	No physical form uploaded	"1. Choose ""Manual consent"" as the mode of consent but do not upload the physical form. 2. Verify if the system shows a pending status in the document checklist."	System not shows a pending status in the document checklist.	Positive								
	TC026	App shows consent established and allows the business executive to proceed to the next screen after successful upload of the physical form	Physical form uploaded successfully	1. Upload the physical form successfully. 2. Verify if the app shows consent established. 3. Attempt to proceed to the next screen.	App shows consent established and allows the business executive to proceed to the next screen.	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 3: User gets Primary applicant's consent on physical document via signature 													
	TC027	Business executive successfully uploads a photo of the signed consent form	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully.	The photo of the signed consent form is uploaded without errors.	Positive								
	TC028	Business executive successfully uploads a photo of the signed consent form, and then requests a preview	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo.	The system displays a preview of the uploaded photo of the signed consent form without errors.	Positive								
	TC029	Business executive successfully uploads a photo of the signed consent form, and then requests a preview	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo.	The system not  displays a preview of the uploaded photo of the signed consent	Negative								
	TC030	After successfully uploading the photo of the signed consent form and previewing it, the business executive proceeds to the next step	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo. 5. Verifies the preview. 6. Proceeds to the next step.	The business executive is able to proceed to the next step without encountering any errors.	Positive								
	TC031	After successfully uploading the photo of the signed consent form and previewing it, the application generates an application number and sends an SMS to the Primary applicant	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo. 5. Verifies the preview. 6. Proceeds to the next step. 7. The application generates an application number. 8. The application sends an SMS to the Primary applicant containing the application number.	The application generates an application number and sends an SMS to the Primary applicant containing the application number without errors.	Positive								
	TC032	After successfully uploading the photo of the signed consent form and previewing it, the application generates an application number and sends an SMS to the Primary applicant	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo. 5. Verifies the preview. 6. Proceeds to the next step. 7. The application generates an application number. 8. The application sends an SMS to the Primary applicant containing the application number.	 SMS to the Primary applicant without containing the application number.	Negative								
	TC033	After successfully uploading the photo of the signed consent form and previewing it, the status is updated in the FE app	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo. 5. Verifies the preview. 6. Proceeds to the next step. 7. The status is updated in the FE app.	The status is updated in the FE app without errors.	Positive								
	TC034	After successfully uploading the photo of the signed consent form and previewing it, the status is updated in the FE app	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive navigates to the consent capture screen. 2. Clicks a photo of the signed consent form. 3. Uploads the photo successfully. 4. Requests a preview of the uploaded photo. 5. Verifies the preview. 6. Proceeds to the next step. 7. The status is updated in the FE app.	The status is not updated in the FE app.	Negative								
	TC035	Business executive successfully uploads the photo of the signed consent form and proceeds to capture POI and POA type/number	Signed consent form photo	1. Business executive successfully uploads the photo of the signed consent form. 2. The system allows the business executive to proceed to capture POI and POA type/number.	The business executive is able to capture POI and POA type/number without encountering any errors.	Positive								
	Acceptance Criteria Scenario 4: User gets Primary applicant's consent on physical document via signature but fails to Upload the document													
	TC036	User fails to upload the document and system   to retry		1. User attempts to upload the document but fails. 2. System detects the failure. 3. System   the user to retry the upload.	System displays a   asking the user to retry the upload.	Positive								
	TC037	User fails to upload the document and retries the upload successfully	Signed consent form photo	1. User attempts to upload the document but fails. 2. User retries the upload and succeeds.	System accepts the document upload and allows the user to proceed.	Positive								
	TC038	User fails to upload the document and the system does not allow user to move ahead		1. User attempts to proceed without uploading the document.	System does not allow the user to proceed and   them to upload the document before proceeding.	Positive								
	TC039	User fails to upload the document and the system does not allow user to move ahead		1. User attempts to proceed without uploading the document.	System allows the user to proceed.	Negative								
