Test Step ID	Test Steps Description	Test Input	Expected Outputs	Test Category	Actual Result	Pass/Fail	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	"Automation
(Status)"
TC-001	Verify when Documents get uploaded, OCR is accurate, OSV is confirmed	Business executive captures Guarantor's Passport with uploaded documents.	Ensure thatPassport details are accurately auto-populated. OSV checkbox is auto-ticked. FinTech API is initiated to fetch Guarantor's data.	Positive	details are accurately auto-populated, BE is able to tick over Check Box			
TC-002	Verify when  Documents get uploaded, OCR is not accurate, OSV not confirmed	Business executive captures Guarantor's Passport with uploaded documents. OCR inaccurately auto-populates details.	Ensure that OCR accuracy is Ensure, and data is corrected manually. OSV checkbox is not auto-ticked. FinTech API is initiated to fetch Guarantor's data.	Positive	BE is able to manually enter details 			
TC-003	Verify when  Documents get uploaded, OCR is accurate, OSV not confirmed	Business executive captures Guarantor's Passport with uploaded documents.	Ensure that Passport details are accurately auto-populated. OSV checkbox is not auto-ticked. FinTech API is initiated to fetch Guarantor's data.	Positive	 Passport details are accurately auto-populated. OSV checkbox is not auto-ticked, BE can auto tick			
TC-004	 Verify when Documents not uploaded	Business executive proceeds without capturing Passport.	Ensure that Business executive proceeds without Passport capture.	Negative	If POI/POA is opted as PASSPORT Then it is mandatory to provide passport details			
TC-006	 Verify when Passport was previously captured, OSV confirmed	Business executive selects Passport as POI type, and details are displayed. OSV checkbox was previously ticked.	Ensure that OSV checkbox is confirmed. FinTech API is initiated to fetch Guarantor's data.	Positive	Ensure that OSV checkbox is confirmed. FinTech API is initiated to fetch Guarantor's data.			
TC-009	Verify when Document uploaded with invalid format (which is not specified by business)	Business executive selects the Document with invalid/inaccepted format (eg:xlsx,xls etc.,)	Ensure that error message is displayed after uploading the document saying invalid Document type	Negative	Two options are given if blurry image is uploaded Try again and re upload 			
