Story #	Story Description	Test Priority	Test Status	Description of Story	P2P/E2E Integration Requirements	Activity Diagram	Test Step ID	Test Steps Description	Test Input	Expected Outputs	Test Category	Actual Result	Pass/Faile	Defect-ID (JIRA)
						(Control Flow)								(if Fail)
UDBTEY-137	Co Applicant - Manual KYC -Data fetched via FinTech API service for Driver's license			"This user story focuses on enabling the system to retrieve and validate co-applicant details from a data aggregator's response to streamline the Manual KYC process. It entails input fields based on a driver's license, data display requirements, storage in the database, and integration with data aggregators. The acceptance criteria cover scenarios with and without data aggregator responses.

Pre-conditions to Test:
1.The system is configured and integrated with the necessary FinTech API for data aggregation.
2.The user has initiated the KYC process for a co-applicant using a driver's license as a reference.
3.Appropriate input parameters, including the driver's license number and expiration date, are provided.
4.The data aggregator service is operational and responsive for testing.
5.Test data for both scenarios (with and without data aggregator response) is available and prepared for validation.
6.Quality assurance personnel have access to the system interface for testing purposes.
7.A test environment is set up to isolate testing from the production environment.
8.The database is ready to store the retrieved co-applicant data.
9.The system interface includes the required input fields, data display areas, and a checkbox for OSV documents.
10.Business executives and users have been trained and are familiar with the testing process for this user story."	"
Data Aggregator Integration:

The system must integrate with the Data Aggregator's API.
The integration should support secure communication, such as HTTPS.
Ensure that authentication and authorization mechanisms are in place for accessing the Data Aggregator's services.
FinTech API Integration:

The system should integrate with the FinTech API to fetch customer details.
Verify that the API endpoints for retrieving customer data are accessible and functional.
Implement error handling to gracefully manage API communication issues.
Database Integration:

Establish integration with the database where customer data will be stored.
Define data structures and ensure compatibility with the data retrieved from the Data Aggregator.
Validate that data is correctly stored and retrieved from the database during the process."		TC01	Start KYC process	User initiates the KYC process	The KYC process is successfully initiated.	Positive			
							TC02	Enter Driver's License Info	Valid Driver's License Number and Expiry Date	User enters valid Driver's License information successfully.	Positive			
							TC03	Fetch Data from Data Aggregator	Valid Driver's License Number and Expiry Date	The system successfully fetches data from the Data Aggregator.	Positive			
							TC04	Data Available?	Data is available from the Data Aggregator	The system recognizes data availability and proceeds accordingly.	Positive			
							TC05	Display Data	Data from Data Aggregator (Sample Data)	The system displays the retrieved data on the screen.	Positive			
							TC06	Verify Data	Data matches customer discussion	The system verifies the data, and verification is successful.	Positive			
							TC07	Store Data in Database	Verified data	The system stores the verified data in the database.	Positive			
							TC08	Proceed to QDE	"User clicks on ""Proceed"""	The KYC process proceeds to Quality Data Entry (QDE) successfully.	Positive			
							TC09	No Data from Aggregator	Data is not available from the Data Aggregator	The system recognizes data unavailability and proceeds accordingly.	Positive			
							TC10	Select POI/POA Type	User selects Proof of Identity (POI) or Proof of Address (POA) type	The user successfully selects the POI/POA type.	Positive			
							TC11	Start KYC process with Invalid License Info	Invalid Driver's License Number and Expiry Date	The system detects invalid input and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC12	Fetch Data with Invalid License Info	Invalid Driver's License Number and Expiry Date	The system detects invalid input and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC13	Data Available? with No Data	Data is not available from the Data Aggregator	The system recognizes data unavailability and proceeds accordingly.	Negative			
							TC14	Verify Data with Mismatched Data	Data does not match customer discussion	The system detects data mismatch and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC15	Store Data in Database with Missing Data	Incomplete data (missing fields)	The system detects missing data fields and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC16	Proceed to QDE with Incomplete Data	"User clicks on ""Proceed"" with incomplete data"	The system detects incomplete data and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC17	Initiate KYC with No Input	No Driver's License information entered	The system detects missing input and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC18	Fetch Data with No Input	No Driver's License information entered	The system detects missing input and displays an error message.	Negative			
							TC19	Data Available? with Data Aggregator Error Response	Data aggregator returns an error response	The system detects an error response from the Data Aggregator and displays an error message.	Exception			
