Story #	Story Description	Scope	Integrations	Validations	Acceptance Criteria	Test Step ID	Test Step Description	Test Input	Expected Output	Test Category	Actual Result	Pass/Failed	"Defect-ID (JIRA)
(if Fail)"	"Automation
(Status)"	MMFSL Remarks
UT-469	As a Business executive, I should be able to click on Proceed button from the QDE 2 Page so that system can move to the next stage.	1. User must be able to click on the button - 'Proceed'	1. FE APP integrated with LOS(SFDC) to reflect the details upto this point in the LOS	"1. All the required mandatory fields should be validating before submitting (As per field list document)

2.Proceed Button should be enabled:
a. Once all the mandatory fields are entered as per the field list
b. Once all the documents related to that particular screen/stage are field as per document checklist
c. Once all the mandatory APIs integrated into that particular screen are called successfully.
d. Reports are generated (If any) for that screen."	"Scenario 1: The user clicks on the Proceed button and no error is thrown:
Given that the Business executive clicks on the proceed Button and there is no error thrown, then the screen should be automatically be re-routed to conduct BRE 2."	Scenario 1: The user clicks on the Proceed button and no error is thrown									
						TC01	Verify Proceed button is clickable when all conditions met	All mandatory fields and documents filled properly, and APIs called	System moves to next stage (BRE 2)	Positive					
						TC02	Verify Proceed button is disabled when mandatory fields are missing	Mandatory fields left blank	Proceed button is disabled	Negative					
						TC03	Verify error handling when mandatory API calls fail	Mandatory API call fails	Proceed button is disabled, and error message displayed	Negative					
						TC04	Verify Proceed button is disabled when mandatory documents are missing	Mandatory documents not uploaded	Proceed button is disabled	Negative					
						TC05	Verify system behavior with one non-mandatory field empty	One non-mandatory field left empty	System moves to next stage (BRE 2) without errors	Edge					
						TC06	Check for successful report generation	All conditions met, including report generation	System generates the report and moves to BRE 2	Positive					
						TC07	Verify system response to incomplete API response	Incomplete data from an API call	Proceed button is disabled, and error message displayed	Negative					
						TC08	Test Proceed button with slow network conditions	All conditions met with slow network	System moves to next stage (BRE 2) with possible delay	Edge					
						TC09	Confirm Proceed button state after user session timeout	User session times out	Proceed button is disabled or user is logged out	Negative					
						TC10	Verify Proceed button with rapid multiple clicks	User clicks Proceed button rapidly	Only one click is registered and system moves to BRE 2	Edge					
